# What's going on at fast.ai?

## Working through fast.ai

I'm gonna be a "student" here for the next few weeks (months?), starting now... and the first thing I notice is a fresh post from Prof Jeremy Howard that suggests that his students (that's me!) should blog. Okay. Gonna do that, too.

{% include alert.html text="I'm gonna be a student and treat fast.ai like the course that it is." %}

...and...

{% include info.html text="Blogging might help me stay accounable to this committment" %}

Great idea, Prof. Jeremy. Thanks!

## Getting to work right now. 

Just reviewed [this overview](https://www.fast.ai/2019/01/24/course-v3/): Seven previews of seven lessons. Looks good. I've been through this material before, including having viewed many or all of the videos from previous courses. But I had never taken the time to work through the execises. With only 7 lessons, I might work through it all by ... the end of February?

## Tentative Schedule:

Week of (Saturday) -- Lesson #
=================
January 18  -- Lesson 1: Image classification
January 25  -- Lesson 2: Data cleaning and production; SGD from scratch
Feb     01  -- Lesson 3: Data blocks; Multi-label classification; Segmentation
Feb     08  -- Lesson 4: NLP; Tabular data; Collaborative filtering; Embeddings
Feb     15  -- Lesson 5: Back propagation; Accelerated SGD; Neural net from scratch
Feb     22  -- Lesson 6: Regularization; Convolutions; Data ethics
Feb     29  -- Lesson 7: Resnets from scratch; U-net; Generative (adversarial) networks 

Leap Year! February 29! At this rate, I will START Lesson 7 before the end of February, but it won't get done until March 5 or 6. Rushing this might not be desirable, but might "rush" this so that I can get all the work done before the end of February as a way to motivate progress and avoid drifting off into an indefinite state of, "I'll get to this later". 

Let's see what happens. I'm going to have to get off to a good start, so I will aim to get through most of Lesson 1 today and tomorrow (Saturday and Sunday). 

Let's see what happens.



